When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    If i want to collaborate with other people on a project, or if I want my code
    to be available to me across multiple devices, I'd much prefer using a remote 
    repo.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Some changes made by my peers on a project might need review, so it is a good 
    idea to always pull changes manually to avoid having to debug it later.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Fork : Is used to copy and modify a repo of another user, because you don't  have
    permission to make changes to their repo. You can fork their repo and work on new
    features yourself without worrying about meddling with someone else's  work. Also,
    fork allows us to give credit to the person whose repo we copied.

    Clone : A clone is a copy of a remote repo that we own that we create on our 
    machine to work on offline. We clone a repo so that we can pull braches and push 
    commits to it from our machine w/o having to go to GitHub.

    Branches : Branches are off-shoots of our repositories, that we create to work on 
    stuff that's still in it's developmental stage and not ready to be committed.They 
    are like forks but for parts of the same repository. (In forking we copy the enti
    -re repo, but while creating a branch we diverge from the master branch (or  some
    other branch) and later merge the branches when we have a working piece of code.)

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Having a copy of the last known state saved locally can help  us use fast forward 
    merges. These are normal merges except for the fact that we do not merge two sep-
    -arate branches into a new commit, but just update the new remote changes on  the
    last locally saved commit. (Just update the HEAD to the latest remote commit).

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    I would only use github from now on :)

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
