What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Initialising a repository adds it to the git. We need to initialise
	a repo if we want git to track it.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	Files in the staging area can be committed to the repo directly but
	files in the working directory can not.
	It acts as a metaphorical workbench where we keep the files we'd like
	to review or edit before committing.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	We can add only the files that we want to change (for example a bug
	that we're trying to fix) to the staging area so that the files are
	logically coherent.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history
organized? How would branches help?
	In cases where we want to make some new changes that we're not too sure 
	about(for example some experimental feature we're trying out but are not 
	tooconfident that the code would work) we can use branches to make a copy
	of the existing code, work on it, and merge it with the main branch 
	after testing that it works.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	Using diagrams can help us figure out the choronological order as well 
	as the structure of the current development process of a project. It 
	helps in managing workflow and dependencies better.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it 
in the diagram the way we do?
	Merging two branches creates a new commit node which encompasses all the 
	changes made in the code after the braching was done from a common 
	parent node . We represent it in the diagram in that way because it is 
	intuituive to follow the changes made.
	
What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing 
merges
manually?
	Pros (merging manually): We can resolve merge conflicts.
	Cons: Merging too many brances would become cumbersome if most of them 
	have merge conflicts. 
